------------------------------------------
There is a Lift
------------------------------------------
    This is life. I have a couple of equations to explain it, some from physics and some from chemistry, most in my head spinning circles and weaveing with threads, concurrency at it's finest. 
    I am taking the responsibilty of two kids. I did not volunteer, i still do not want to, i am losing time because of someone else's mistake. Their father is a drunk. An asshole who I will never slap, punch or even hurt. Cause after all it is their father. Their mother left them cause his father was abusive. When i was in middle schoolthe father, let's call him "MF", decided it will be fun to go to a different state to have sex with a girl (of age, but 7 years younger than him, he was 27 then i think), get her pregnant and just come back to his home (he lived with us in the city, cause his father is from a village). Later the pregnant girl decided instead of having an abortion, she could make a man out of "MF" so my dad being my dad decided to get them married and pay for the court fees and marriage. I didn't know this back when it was happening in real-time. I only knew that when i came back from school one day, there was a pregnant lady with my cousin "MF", both enjoying the food my mum had to make (my mikko is a saint), and suddenly now I had to address an unknown pregnant lady as family. She was 6 months pregrnant when she decided to tell "MF" that she's keeping it. The pregnant lady went to have not only one, but two kids. Twins. I was so happy that I was going to have two babies in the house, at 12-14 y.o. i didn't know better than kids=toy. The twins are two beautiful girls. I have raised them in my arms (taking turns with mum and dad and their mother) until I went to M9V-3M2 from 382480. I was under the impression that they would be taken care of, right? Soon after, "MF" moved to the village (which was now not as backwards as before) with his whole family. While I was in M9V-3M2 going to school @ BrockU, I was unaware of everything going on back in India. My mum and dad wouldn't share stuff that would, from their POV, cause me axiety. I also had my uncle and other cousins in M9V-3M2 to share their problems and i was only 17, so my parents knew what to share and what not to. "MF" was abusing his wife and thank-god not the kids. The wife deicded to move out of that hole at the cost of losing her kids. Why did she lose her kids and why not "MF"? well, cause both were equally fucked up. "MF" atleast had us. So it was a choice we made to keep the kids under "MF" proxy, but i know we shouldn't have. Now i'm an adult* , so I am teaching the twins best I could so they do better than me. It is not a choice. 

    No country, or state, or municipality is bad. Some of its constituents might be, but only cause they aren't educated to kill themselves. I am saying this because I have tried and failed and it made me consider life more before trying it again. How to commit suicide: the most painful self-experience and self-expression; that solves suffering should be taught right after high school gradution (or perhaps alongside sex-ed). 13 reasons series did nothing but glamorize it and taught victim mentality. Sure, some kids/ adults saw it differently, and they too are suffering like Hannah just not plotting a 13 reasons list. When i kill myself there will be no explanation. No notes. Only questions [like riddler].

    Anyway i didn't mean to get you down, i just want you to learn to. Learn from my experience for I am still here and make the internet better. Only you can do that. 
