------------------------------------------
we're happy ma, we're having fun
------------------------------------------

    I pushed physically, mum and dad. A good child? a child that pops 4 (600mg) oxycarbezipine when mad. Fuck man, i am sorry. I am sorry mum and dad for being a problem child. I can't help it. Even after running 10k, i can't help it. Crying will lower my sodium even more, so imma skip that for now. anyway, sorry 

    Topology is fun. Knots all the way some trivial than others. Fun equations and symbols. I am trying to learn it so that i could compress better and finally make "Gitty Up" public. Should i not have put this out on the internet? or on Github? they'll ban me or notify me right? I will be more mindful and less impulsive the next time im angry like this. But I thank god it was my parents and not someone else. Otherwise, i would've just collapsed internally.
    FUCK DYING FOR INDIA. I say it with my heart out. FUCK SAMSUNG and SKULLCANDY for not focusing on my voice when i was using the voice recorder and practically breathing into it, but thanks for recording literally everything else. My battles are weird, but the most energy hungry and powerful. I am drained by the end of it, so drained that i could only vomiate words. David Goggins calls me a bitch, if he ever heard [wishful thinking] about me. I would tell him right on daddy-o.
Love Nick Cave and the bad seeds. let me try and make this log better. 

    Everyone has the ability to understand. So let's try to understand E=m*c^2. No, let's try to understand something non-trivial. Why is time linear? what is time? let's try to define it with an equation? Is time just light travelling and since light is a particle/ wave it is the same irrespective of it's reference point. quantum light is a particle not a wave. what is quantum gravity? what is gravity? the effect of bent space-time due to mass (myass :'). Ok, so what is gravity on a quanta scale? has to be a particle no? since waves just can't show up with mass. Right? So let's try to imagine (thot experiment) empty. nothing. At least nothing that could not be observed. Now let's imagine a star birth. What is a star? free electrons (aka plasma), but then why are they captured to form a semi-solid structure. Self gravity is a jargon wikipedia put me on. ok, so electrons exist before stars? just one electron? where did the charge come from? higgs boson right, eh? electron has mass. why? self-gravity of such a small particle exists due to higgs mechanism. why does higgs particle gets produced from higgs field. What creates a field first? is it bootstrapping? why? that is a good question. let's dig a little more as an uneducated lacking free education and interet. so why field first and not particle? wrong questions i think. what creates a field? let's look at it from a mathematical pov, a field is a manifold. so all rules of topology should apply here, not perfectly. Why field [why feel]? why? ... let's go back to imagining a birth of xyz in space. field births xyz. so space births xyz? what creates space? let's twist this a little. imbalance of charges create field. only electric field though? what about quantum field? Just looked at Feynman diagram. Nice. But let's assume it's wrong. He is teaching that (e^-) + (e^+) -> gamma -> q + qbar + g. bunch of bullshit notation (sue me). Essence is electron when cancelled cries and produces light radiation which then decays into 3 things. 2 make 1 make 3? magic. no but we still don't know why? i mean they explain it much better than this log, but fuck it I can ball! anyways, i feel better now [i am lying]. Do you? if you don't; breathe cause your cool being is made outta light, light is constant and invincible. try competing with it in a race. my bets are on you.
   
    make my mum and dad's future bright, santa. "i don't want a lot for christmas there is just one thing i need". ok bye now. :)
    
