and all i wanna do is look the other way
...
    I don't wanna be lonely. But i will be just yet. The key is to write it till words loose their meanings, till spellings start spell-ing, desires, aspires, respires and turn into sighs. I do not want to be hedonistic but go damn my excitement [curiousity].
    Turn these words to rust and poke me. Make me an antidote? [tetnus shots won't cure me] nah that'll bore me. BUT YOU WILL. You sadistic fuck. I will burn you too! so let us both not perish.

    The key is to not have to write it again; the key is made different each time it's used for the same lock. Break the lock, follow that angst. Break that lock only for the sake of not getting in. Make that point, hell, stretch it like a line or bend it like Beckham and invite Gilbret Strang to your fight. 

    I have been drinking a chemical battery: salt, water, leemone (perhaps some sugah?), batteries corrode too y'know? i just have to figure out how. Until then the energy will be used accordingly.
    I was listening to Mac and Thundercat, and boy oh boy they are solid. The bigger fishes will die soon, faster than the smaller fishes could reproduce. Yay! A brave new world, at last. I feel 65 [69]. I act 80. And you know what that means. That means I am waiting [another song lyric].

    Protect your own. Start there. Protect and raise yours. Alright, should i go work on building that game? or ed.sh? or just write these thoughtslike a purge. Nothing will make you hedoinistic [?].

    promise me I'll get to sit on the tops of these watertanks I always wanted to sit on top of. 

    [next time i hear someone say be proactive imma shoot ngl
    the next time i hope i hear someone say be proactive not reactive.
    p.s i need to check out various symbolic hats [mod], the good kind of anarchy. "What you leave unsaid will kill" (https://comeadwithus.wordpress.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/the-theory-and-practice-of-selling-the-aga-cooker.pdf)]
    
    I already feel so weak thinking about kms and i am yet to kms. It might be the most difficult thing i take on. I don't even know how one goes about having the guts to just do it. Maybe i should've researched less? But i want to make the least impact when it happens. hey i am sorry ok? 
    A speedball sounds the most interesting, next in line is... well everything else seems too painful or rather too barbaric. I am made of love, remember? Nitrogen is the next best thing, easy but convulsions will be a bitch. What ifI don't make it and some SOB doctor proves his point. What then? Would i have tossed all of this for that? am i ready for that possibility? what must i do so that it is not accounted as a possibility. Water scares me, well is it finally time to conquer that fear? phuffff let me go and code this game before i get too couregeous tonight...
