Symphonies in my head
..
    i asked mostly all big aIs to write me a sheet music using staff notation for a half snare beat, followed by half rest, and the rest of the bar filled with kick drum (i could make this, pay me). All failed and that's why you don't have a good title today. I could embedd my sheet music to the README.md but I must not. You don't need to read to make music, it's a fallacy I create. FUCK!!! I was taught sheet music when i was not even 14, I still retain it only to loose it soon. I made music, so many times, so many ways, only to have my ex think she knows it all lol. Thank god i do not keep a targeted list to cure some ego. Most of the vengence and frustration I feel is diluted by knowledge and action to follow good @ my moral compass. 
    cobblestone.htb is insane level difficulty, well, no, it is the easiest. So easy even i understand what needs what in order to connect and ctf. I say easy because it is all just going through pain-stake to replicate a server locally (which i didn't create or ask for), install already broken things just to CaF. BUT ITS SO SHINNY! The target is running a bad version of a2.4.(60+x) catered to debian. So mostly all systems (globally) running this is already pwn (except some proprietory, which needs RE). The data, you and i recieve is already manipulated to their moral compass. Or maybe it is not. I am teaching you to speculate. Go and see the logs change for yourself. Some advice: wget the compromised version. install it based on the architecture host is running. mangle some dot confs and voila, heck. so easy to say, and so easy to do. We are lazy and they know it.
    Nothing drives me harder. I have lost myself and some motivation. I am tired, man. You must have been tired too at some point. What did you do? Why did you do? I can not keep fooling myself, but it seems like it is a clown world. So should I relinquish come next month. It'll be difficult. This is difficult too.
    Dev means god. Some of these FreeBSD, RHEL } Linux pepople are god. They create without an incentive. They fix without an incentive. They do, and they get cause they do without wanting get. I want get, and there, our common-ground where you can call me st00pid.

    Close my eyes to see
    The processes in-between.
    Close my eyes, I feel
    Whine, and repeat.

    Grow old like this?
    Or teach youngs some tricks?
    Be a cog, entire machine
    just another human being?
     -my mum and dads child
