this battle in my head
..
    Listening to Aaron Lewis covering Layne Stanley (did i mispell) was random for today. I miss Lanye. although i would not remember his name if you asked me. God bless you for nutshell. 
    all the songs in my head have slowly becoming earworms -> skeletons [lol]. I am giving most of my time to envisioning a lesser grim reality. is that possible? I'm trying. I need to manifest more, you call it wishful thinking? yeah then I've been doing it this whole time ig. 

    Why did China come with something like cov-19 and not something less like free-Alzheimer's for us all... 
    
bumping bus
thumping thumbs
neighbor nags
machine horn beeps.

    Is post-modern poetry going to be without a rhyme? only reasons? No fun I think. What must I fuck to have some fun. Figuretively ya stupid. I do not want to push you back. I do not want to just preach. I do not think I am just preaching all the time. Solve this: KE = 1/2 mv2 geometrically. Today should've been the next addition to "a great big world". Now I will have to make it worth the wait as well. FUCK. 
    ok, here's a better poem written in whim:
        I must only chose to love myself
        others
        rest of whatever's left
        and perhaps santa's an elf


    ||did you laugh? I hope you did||
    
    What must i do for you to have no suffering?
    The prime factors of 42 are even * odd * odd resulting in even. isn't that odd? Two negatives create positive, repharsing it: multiplication of negativeunits create a positive unit (only when terms are even). There. Let's continue. Indifference creates a polarity to negativity, repharsing it: two charges when added together result in the charge of the heavier i.e +2+(-4)= -2. This isbasic math, chemistry. Chemistry studies excitation of your mom (jkjk), it studies chemicals this is different excitation states of electrons. Simple no? tell that to the scientific community and they will take you back to the good 'ol church days. Witches were so integrated into the society at one point they had specific windows built. Magic.

    1 is considered to be neither even nor odd. it is a special number. I am a special number [? haha]. wdym "special"? well, we just can't fit it into a box (pun intended). 
   Assembly is so easy when you have tools. Otherwise, you have to create themwhich is fun but it makes me forget the bad in life. I must remeber the bad in life. I need balance before i slip. Tight-rope-walking is a sham. tight-rope-walking with a big stick in your hand is hacks. Tight-rope-walking only to fall, is fun?? creating a tight-rope is ambition [selfish]. creating a rope is ingenuity. creating, oh well. Can't we just let it be and not put it into a box?do we really need a quantum computer hacked? remember quantum entanglement? Fuck around and find out at its peak. You're going to ruin that too, no?
