Figures
..
    They will. They must. Divide. But let them not conquer us. They can't conquer us. They must fear us, cause I will try to kill them with kindness. 
    Killing yourself aka $uicide in India is a crime. This makes things difficult for me, I mean that law is in-place like that for a reason. A reason I can understand. But what about freedom? Like am I not soverign enough to end it for myself and maybe start it some-realm else, without that useless criminal-tag? Stupid arguments. I don't know if this leads anywhere other than someone stealing my soverignity and calling it thiers for the taking. they are soverign too. So win-win situation I guess. 
    Is diplomacy really that difficult? can't they literally just suck/ blow each other off? or would that be direspecting cultures, and standards and values and oh children will be affected, yeah? that's happening anyway. I really think politicians at the top of the chain should only be able to negotiate starting a war by counting how many blowies they've provided or will provide. The defence people would be so happy if this bill passes. Mutually assured sucky-sucky. This human race is so selfish and eww. But we must prosper. Or at least get the astronaut some tools to propsper and spread our wicked seed in space.

    Why do you read these? do you read these? I do sometimes. Some questions aren't meant to be answered, just ponder. anyway! i got my first article written yesterday!!! the essence is to understand a cheaper way to create locally without segghs. No, jkjk. I was thinking about frequency. What is frequency? well the children of fathe time? De-broglie got it before me, but I got there too. So let's try again, what is frequency? Let's first ask what is a field- An imbalance of charges? so what is that mathematically? field = [charge,-charge]? let's run with that for a minute. what is charge then? excitation right? but isn't excitation just frequency? and frequency the result of a field charge imbalance? so we're back to sqaure uno. This is happening because I do not have a goal in place. I am just doing, without wanting why. But it is so much fun. 
    First they got you on gold. Then they got you off gold. Soon they'll change your seconds too. Can they change your seconds too? Bryan Johnson rolling in his UV bed. I mean no seriously, where there is a will (haha) there is a way. You can think about this from a Murphy's Law perspective too [What can go wrong will go wrong]. I hope you do think about it like that.
