------------------------------------------
Lust for Life
------------------------------------------

    I have enjoyed mostly all cardinal pleasures, all in good faith.
    
    Take a deep breath. Inhale, hold, exhale. Inhale. Hold. Exhale. Now let's get some water and maybe a push-up or two (not mandatory). 
    Tim apple is spying on you but you gave them the consent and you can't sue them to win since they own your money. So accept that he is doing it in good faith. Just like God. See, I am just radicalizing you to think. It doesn't matter what tim apple or xyz does, they are already in the History books. You and I aren't yet. I personally do not want to be remembered, i like to pay homage my to my pent up anger like that. 

    I wonder what Vincent Van Gough saw, but he tried his best to portray it for us...
    To Vincent:
        "Starry Starry Night
         I couldn't bear to see
         A sky so bright, distant and free."

    Is taking care of myself just myself how to lie better? So a pathological liar? and then condition kids to do so? or do different? cause gaining influence is just being nice. People. All People, are easy exploits. Most vulnerable to kindess, so I hope we kill them with that until they start killing themselves, just like i will. I am not going to have kids, if i ever did he lives on with my dad's first initial in heaven away from all this. Away from existing. 

    Growing up, my dad painstaking got me a full drum kit after I competed and won Trinity drum hall grade 1, the person who taught me is no lesser being than god. Once those were last tuned a couple half decades ago (the tuning key still hangs from the ceiling on a noose), I decieded to grab some watercolors and paint my room, I thought I was going to be there the whole time [i am]. we have do doors in that room, on the inside of one I scribbled "heven" and "hell" on the other, only cause those words seemed cool. Little did I know that God was trying to be a poet idk why my proxy was needed since I couldn't even spell properly then. I can now, sometimes i choose not you. just like how I can cry now, but chose not to. These un-cried tears will drown me from inside so that when they creamate me, it wouldn't burn anymore. 
    "mad and i really run the A", get a nice 3-D printer my little ones. and make an engine go brrr in formula-1. Until then imma stop sampling [my excusse, pussy].


    Drink and produce said the ancient gods. Some not so older than hotz. Peacefully fight on :) 🙈🙉🙉and do noevil [or maybe juss use a water-tight condom]. "Ice Lemonade my neck was dripping"
