------------------------------------------
Sytems and commands
------------------------------------------

    In A World of Systems- Donella Meadows. Meadow means the shade of the trees. Donella idk probably an amazing youtube channel as a whole.
    
    Everything is and could be abstracted to fit your point of reference. i am talking to both of us here. Ok, now I gotta grow my titties and work out some pushups. Giggle you SOB[that was for me]

    15:33
    I hate people. I wish they weren't born. Or born with balls bigger than their mouths. Cowards. Cowards! COWARDS!!! What should i break? a big piece of glass on my head. There. it feels better now. 
    Sham. Shame. Shazam...

    I'm sorry, I don't think only speak when i am angry. Anger is secondary emotion. Primary is frustration. How to resolve it when so many people are competing dick first? I do not need to. Not my 

    My essence is simple and ever changing. sperm meets ova, baby was created. baby got a namecause dad wanted to be fancy and mum could only manipulate, relatives gave their opinions disguished as two cents. Mum should've used a hanger, but no she is love. Dad should've abused mom but no they are love. Family might've killed me in womb [with all their toxicity] if they didn't knew i was a boy. Fuck them. FUCK THEM till their ass rips open like a port. No i do not mean it, I mean i mean it but my actions won't. Cause the moment I decide to takemy anger to drive, the world will perish. I do not want that. You do not want that. There, our common-ground.
    Breathe. In. HOLDDDDDDDD. Exhale. Trivial it might be but this fixes things, until i am ready to have a kernel panic and power off. 
    
    During a kernel panic. Even scheduler is fucked 2 ways to monday. The electronics don't mean jack shit. The hardware is as good as banging two sticks and a stone. See this is my head. It works like this, it holds on like this. and i shall tweak it for i can't afford a kernel panic yet.

    My head always wants to remove inefficiencies. and i lack patience to pick and choose what needs to be removed so i just rm -rf instead of rm. But it'll get better, you do not worry. I do not worry. I am just trying to do, and wish i am kept in check. 
    Now that the floodgates are open and moderation is slowly sovereigned, I will share with you the one thing i took from my last relationship, self-harm. It made me stronger. It makes me. No i don't need your charity, guilt, pity or your straight edged sword of Democles. I could farm my own. I am my own. But if you have some love, spare; for the love will never spare you. My reflection is looking dimmer by the day, I am accepting to live with that decline, i just wish it was quicker. i just wish.

    But you know who loses cause of all this? Me. I. I can't lose. So imma go code for 2-hours.
    

    Listening to eminem and all of this suffering found its meaning. Not a stan just a stain.
